README.md, before:

# Google Maps Platform Maps 3D SDK for iOS Samples

## Description

This is the sample app for the Google Maps iOS 3D Maps SDK. 

It demonstrates various features of the SDK: displaying a map, controlling the camera,
adding markers, shapes and models, handling click events on Place markers, and animating views.

## Requirements

* XCode 15 or later.
* A physical iOS device for running the app if possible. 
At this first Experimental release stage, the iOS Simulator may not perform well, but can be used.

## Setup

1. Choose an existing Google Cloud project, or create a new one.
2. Enable the Maps 3D SDK for iOS on your project.
3. Create an API key.
4. Clone this repository.
5. Open the project in Xcode. 
6. Add your API key to the project. Use an .xcconfig file or edit Info.plist to specify a value for MAPS_API_KEY
7. Build and run the app.

## Usage

A list of samples is presented on the App screen at startup. These
samples each demonstrate a specific capability or set of capabilities of the SDK.

Click each item in the list to see the demo.

## Documentation

See the [developer guide](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/maps-3d/ios-sdk) and 
[reference documentation](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/maps-3d/ios-sdk/reference).

## Contributing.

We are happy to accept contributions in accordance with the [Contributions policy](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Terms of Service

This repository uses Google Maps Platform services. Use of Google Maps Platform services through this library is subject to the Google Maps Platform [Terms of Service](https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/terms).

This repository is not a Google Maps Platform Core Service. Therefore, the Google Maps Platform Terms of Service (e.g. Technical Support Services, Service Level Agreements, and Deprecation Policy) do not apply to the code in this repository.

## Support

This repository is offered via an open source [license](LICENSE). It is not governed by the Google Maps Platform Support [Technical Support Services Guidelines](https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/terms/tssg), the [SLA](https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/terms/sla), or the [Deprecation Policy](https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/terms) (however, any Google Maps Platform services used by the library remain subject to the Google Maps Platform Terms of Service).

If you find a bug, or have a feature request, please [file an issue](https://github.com/googlemaps-samples/ios-maps-3d-sdk-samples/issues) on GitHub. If you would like to get answers to technical questions from other Google Maps Platform developers, ask through one of our [developer community channels](https://developers.google.com/maps/developer-community). 

You can also discuss this library on our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/hYsWbmk).

Commit message:

docs(README): Update with EEA terms links

README.md, after:

# Google Maps Platform Maps 3D SDK for iOS Samples

## Description

This is the sample app for the Google Maps iOS 3D Maps SDK. 

It demonstrates various features of the SDK: displaying a map, controlling the camera,
adding markers, shapes and models, handling click events on Place markers, and animating views.

## Requirements

* XCode 15 or later.
* A physical iOS device for running the app if possible. 
At this first Experimental release stage, the iOS Simulator may not perform well, but can be used.

## Setup

1. Choose an existing Google Cloud project, or create a new one.
2. Enable the Maps 3D SDK for iOS on your project.
3. Create an API key.
4. Clone this repository.
5. Open the project in Xcode. 
6. Add your API key to the project. Use an .xcconfig file or edit Info.plist to specify a value for MAPS_API_KEY
7. Build and run the app.

## Usage

A list of samples is presented on the App screen at startup. These
samples each demonstrate a specific capability or set of capabilities of the SDK.

Click each item in the list to see the demo.

## Documentation

See the [developer guide](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/maps-3d/ios-sdk) and 
[reference documentation](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/maps-3d/ios-sdk/reference).

## Contributing.

We are happy to accept contributions in accordance with the [Contributions policy](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Terms of Service

This repository uses Google Maps Platform services. Use of Google Maps Platform services through this library is subject to the Google Maps Platform [Terms of Service](https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/terms).

**European Economic Area (EEA) developers**

If your billing address is in the European Economic Area, effective on 8 July 2025, the [Google Maps Platform EEA Terms of Service](https://cloud.google.com/terms/maps-platform/eea) will apply to your use of the Services. Functionality varies by region. [Learn more](https://developers.google.com/maps/comms/eea/faq).

This repository is not a Google Maps Platform Core Service. Therefore, the Google Maps Platform Terms of Service (e.g. Technical Support Services, Service Level Agreements, and Deprecation Policy) do not apply to the code in this repository.

## Support

This repository is offered via an open source [license](LICENSE). It is not governed by the Google Maps Platform Support [Technical Support Services Guidelines](https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/terms/tssg), the [SLA](https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/terms/sla), or the [Deprecation Policy](https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/terms) (however, any Google Maps Platform services used by the library remain subject to the Google Maps Platform Terms of Service).

If you find a bug, or have a feature request, please [file an issue](https://github.com/googlemaps-samples/ios-maps-3d-sdk-samples/issues) on GitHub. If you would like to get answers to technical questions from other Google Maps Platform developers, ask through one of our [developer community channels](https://developers.google.com/maps/developer-community). 

You can also discuss this library on our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/hYsWbmk).
